The food in the military it's, I have to say it's outstanding. Maybe not
many people would agree with that because it's kind of plain and
bland. So you have your cafeteria style you know, style food. You go
there, I want some meat, I want some potatoes, I want some broccoli,
you know. And they provide a good selection for you. They don't really
season it so much because so many people come through you know,
it's not like it's Applebee's or anything. They allow you season it
yourself, so as long as you kind of realize that you know, then they
give you big portions for little cost, or no cost if you're active
duty, and technically it is healthy you know. In fact I think that
they recently took salt away from the table so like you have to try
to be healthy when you eat your food, and it delivers.